sometimes you're working at your desk
and all of a sudden you don't want to be
at your desk oh but you want to keep
working you just want to pick up your
work and take it with you you've got all
your apps open on your computer
everything just the way you like it why
leave it all behind when you get up from
your desk I'm really into remote access
there's something to be said about the
power of controlling your desktop
computer from wherever you are and
that's why I'm so excited about wormhole
remote it's been a long time coming and
now finally there's the perfect platform
to relative no saving no sinking none of
that gets between you and your work just
pick up your ipad launch wormhole remote
and you're working on the go it's easy I
put a lot of work into the interface it
needs to be smooth and efficient no
interfering with your work mindset
because you don't have time for that the
best part is there's no fiddling about
with network settings or passwords it
just automatically detects your computer
like magic the simple interface has a
lot of power to your using all your
mouse buttons your typing on the
keyboard your pan and you're zooming
using menus and key combinations all
over the place and it's never been so
intuitive and simple
there's something special about a nun
interrupted flow of work wherever you
are you're productive you're efficient
you're comfortable and you've reached a
whole new level of remote access
convenience and that's something you've
never had before that is wormhole remote
because you're important and people will
love you when you use my product because
you're good enough you're smart enough
you're important and doggone it people
like you because you use one more note